
RFC 3261            SIP: Session Initiation Protocol           June 2002


         the set of proxies that need to be visited along the way
         (present in the Route header field).  A proxy compliant to
         these mechanisms is also known as a loose router.

      Message: Data sent between SIP elements as part of the protocol.
         SIP messages are either requests or responses.

      Method: The method is the primary function that a request is meant
         to invoke on a server.  The method is carried in the request
         message itself.  Example methods are INVITE and BYE.

      Outbound Proxy: A proxy that receives requests from a client, even
         though it may not be the server resolved by the Request-URI.
         Typically, a UA is manually configured with an outbound proxy,
         or can learn about one through auto-configuration protocols.

      Parallel Search: In a parallel search, a proxy issues several
         requests to possible user locations upon receiving an incoming
         request.  Rather than issuing one request and then waiting for
         the final response before issuing the next request as in a
         sequential search, a parallel search issues requests without
         waiting for the result of previous requests.

      Provisional Response: A response used by the server to indicate
         progress, but that does not terminate a SIP transaction.  1xx
         responses are provisional, other responses are considered
         final.

      Proxy, Proxy Server: An intermediary entity that acts as both a
         server and a client for the purpose of making requests on
         behalf of other clients.  A proxy server primarily plays the
         role of routing, which means its job is to ensure that a
         request is sent to another entity "closer" to the targeted
         user.  Proxies are also useful for enforcing policy (for
         example, making sure a user is allowed to make a call).  A
         proxy interprets, and, if necessary, rewrites specific parts of
         a request message before forwarding it.

      Recursion: A client recurses on a 3xx response when it generates a
         new request to one or more of the URIs in the Contact header
         field in the response.

      Redirect Server: A redirect server is a user agent server that
         generates 3xx responses to requests it receives, directing the
         client to contact an alternate set of URIs.






Rosenberg, et. al.          Standards Track                    [Page 23]